Add farcaster metrics (#428)
santiment/academy: src/docs/metrics/details/social-data.md

**History**: The historical data starts at `2023-02-05`

### Farcaster

We collect posts from [Farcaster](https://www.farcaster.xyz/)

> In the metric name this source is typed as `Farcaster`. Example:
> `social_volume_farcaster`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the metrics' names this source is typed as `farcaster`. Example:
`social_volume_farcaster`
```
